Bravely bold Sir Robin
Rode forth from Camelot.
He was not afraid to die,
Oh brave Sir Robin.
He was not at all afraid
To be killed in nasty ways.
Brave, brave, brave, brave Sir Robin.
He was not in the least bit scared
To be mashed into a pulp.
Or to have his eyes gouged out,
And his elbows broken.
To have his kneecaps split
And his body burned away,
And his limbs all hacked and mangled
Brave Sir Robin.
His head smashed in
And his heart cut out
And his liver removed
And his bowls unplugged
And his nostrils raped
And his bottom burnt off
And his penis
"That's, that's enough music for now lads, there's dirty work afoot."
Brave Sir Robin ran away.
("No!")
Bravely ran away away.
("I didn't!")
When danger reared it's ugly head,
He bravely turned his tail and fled.
("I never!")
Yes, brave Sir Robin turned about
And gallantly he chickened out.
("You're lying!")
gravely
Bravely
Swiftly taking to his feet,
He beat a very brave retreat.
Bravest of the brave, Sir Robin!



Command Mode:
Shift + A    (takes you to end of line and puts you in insert mode)
0   (brings you to the beginning of the line, staying in command mode)
$   (brings you to the end of the line, staying in command mode)
:%s/searchword/wordreplacingwith/gc   (replaces all instances of "searchword" with "wordreplacingwith". Also the last / the gc   (global check) goes through entire file and asks if you want to do that replacement). 
dd   (deletes the line you are currently on)
d$   (deletes everything on the line you are currently on, from your cursor to the end)
d0   (deletes everything on the line you are currently on, from your cursor to the beginning)
dgg   (deletes the line you are currently on and everything above it)
dG   (deletes the line you are currently on and everything below it)
yy   ("yanks" the line you are currently on)
p   (pastes your "yanked" line below where your cursor is at)
o   (opens up a new line below your cursor, in INSERT MODE)
O   (opens up a new line above your cursor, in INSERT MODE)
x   (deletes a single character)
